feat(metrics-operator): add support for user-friendly duration string for specifying time frame (#2147)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/crd-ref/metrics/v1alpha3/_index.md

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `timeframe` _[Timeframe](#timeframe)_ | Timeframe specifies the range for the corresponding query in the AnalysisValueTemplate. Please note that either a combination of 'from' and 'to' or the 'recent' property may be set. If this is not the case, the Analysis can not be added to the cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeframe` _[Timeframe](#timeframe)_ | Timeframe specifies the range for the corresponding query in the AnalysisValueTemplate. Please note that either a combination of 'from' and 'to' or the 'recent' property may be set. If this is field is blank, the Analysis can not be added to the cluster. |
```

_Appears in:_
- [AnalysisSpec](#analysisspec)
- [AnalysisStatus](#analysisstatus)

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `from` _[Time](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.24/#time-v1-meta)_ | From is the time of start for the query, this field follows RFC3339 time format |
| `to` _[Time](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.24/#time-v1-meta)_ | To is the time of end for the query, this field follows RFC3339 time format |

> | `recent` _[Duration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.24/#duration-v1-meta)_ | Recent describes a recent timeframe using a duration string. E.g. Setting this to '5m' will cause the Analysis to be performed for the last five minutes |

Reviewer 2: Maybe `last` reads better? 

```yaml
timeframe:
  recent: '5m'
```

```yaml
timeframe:
  last: '5m'
```

Author: as agreed offline, we decided to keep `recent`

> | `recent` _[Duration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.24/#duration-v1-meta)_ | Recent describes a recent timeframe using a duration string. E.g. Setting this to '5m' will cause the Analysis to be performed for the last five minutes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `recent` _[Duration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.24/#duration-v1-meta)_ | Recent describes a recent timeframe using a duration string. E.g. Setting this to '5m' causes the Analysis to be performed for the last five minutes |
```
